Code of Conduct
===============

This code of conduct outlines expectations for participation in the open source
development of :code:`Vaibify`, as well as steps for reporting unacceptable
behavior. We are committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community
for all.

Our Standards
-------------

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

  - Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
  - Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
  - Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
  - Accepting responsibility, apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
    and learning from the experience
  - Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
    overall community

The Vaibify community strives to:

Be friendly and patient: Remember you might not be communicating in someone
else's primary spoken or programming language, and others may not have your
level of understanding.

Be welcoming: We welcome and support people of all backgrounds and
identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race,
ethnicity, culture, national origin, color, immigration status, social and
economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and
mental and physical ability.

Be respectful: Science is a world-wide community of professionals, and we
conduct ourselves professionally. Disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior
and poor manners. Disrespectful and unacceptable behavior includes, but is not
limited to:

  - Violent threats or language.
  - Discriminatory or derogatory jokes and language.
  - Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
  - Posting, or threatening to post, people's personally identifying
    information ("doxing").
  - Insults, especially those using discriminatory terms or slurs.
  - Behavior that could be perceived as unwanted sexual attention.
  - Advocating for or encouraging any of the above behaviors.

Understand disagreements: Disagreements, both social and technical, are useful
learning opportunities. Seek to understand the other viewpoints and resolve
differences constructively.

This code of conduct is not exhaustive or complete. It serves to capture our
common understanding of a productive, collaborative environment. We expect the
code to be followed in spirit as much as in the letter.

Scope
-----

This Code of Conduct applies to all contributors and participants within all
community spaces.

Reporting Issues
----------------

We encourage all community members to resolve issues on their own whenever
possible. If an issue cannot be resolved locally, please report your concerns
by contacting Rory Barnes (rory@astro.washington.edu).

All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly. All
community members are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

Attribution
-----------

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant v2.0 and the
VPLanet Code of Conduct.
